[ANNOUNCER 12A] Thank you
for watching Mieruko-chan.
The following program is brought
to you by these sponsors.
Please, you have
to set him free!
[ZEN'S MOM snarls]
[ZEN'S MOM snarling]
[ZEN'S MOM groaning]
[MIKO gasps]
[ZEN'S MOM groans]
[MIKO]
All right, number three.
[grunts]
[ZEN'S MOM groaning]
[ZEN'S MOM]
Zen.
What are you doing back here?
[ZEN'S MOM]
Zen.
[ZEN]
I thought you were gone.
[ZEN'S MOM gasps]
[ZEN'S MOM grunts]
[ZEN'S MOM]
Don't look at him!
[MIKO]
That's it.
I'm out of saves.
[FOX SPIRITS speaking
unknown language]
[FOX SPIRITS continue
speaking unknown language]
[MIKO whimpers]
You okay?
Seriously, what is
going on with you?
[ZEN grunts]
[ZEN]
What a weird kid...
[MIKO]
I don't believe it! I'm alive!
[HANA]
Hey! I spy Miko!
Please keep your voice down.
It's a hospital, not a rave.
[MIKO] Wait. What're
you guys doing here?
Hana thought we should
come check up on Mr. Toono.
Yes, ma'am!
So, are you feeling
all right now, sir?
Weren't you Miki Tanaka? Mika?
[HANA]
Close. Hana Yurikawa...
I told you guys I'd be fine,
so why'd you come?
What do you have
against us helping?
Wait! Miko, have
you been crying?!
Don't hide your tears!
We're all friends!
Um, that's not what's going on.
And you! I'm glad
you're okay, first of all.
Secondly, what the heck?
Look, saving
kitties is mad cool.
Making Miko watch
you die, is not!
[YULIA]
He didn't die.
[HANA]
The accident freaked her out.
Seriously, she's messed up.
She could be traumatized
just for being in the wrong
place at the wrong time.
[MIKO] I definitely
wasn't there by chance.
But it is sweet
she's worried about me.
[HANA] Listen, good deeds
are fine, but be careful!
You could end up hurting someone
if you act so recklessly!
Um, Hana.
You're supposed to be
here to check on him,
not chew him out.
[HANA]
Yeah, but he made you cry!
[MIKO]
Trust me, he's not the reason.
[HANA]
Gosh! Why are you defending him?
Could you chill out for a sec?
I'm still extremely confused.
But either way, I'm really
sorry for scaring you like that.
[GROUP grunts]
[ZEN] Like I said before,
the car was my fault.
None of this is on you.
[gasps]
[YULIA gasps]
Please, don't worry;
I'll be okay.
[MIKO]
The spirits. They're...
They're vanishing.
[MIKO]
Is it because his mother's gone?
Or is Hana's spiritual aura
somehow cleansing them?
Huh?
[HANA]
Look at that cloud!
Bet'cha I could eat
the whole thing!
Spirits haunt those who
sympathize with their pain.
I wonder if that's why he had so
many around him.
I think they might be
drawn to him somehow,
but in a different way
than they are to Hana.
[YULIA grunts]
Um, I'm sorry for the other day.
[YULIA gasps] I forgot
that Hana isn't in on this!
[YULIA] Hana doesn't
know you have the sight.
You're keeping it a secret,
aren't you?
[MIKO]
Yeah.
I am, for her own sake.
[HANA]
Guys!
We totally gotta
get some butt buns!
[MIKO] Was that a message
from the clouds?
Yup!
They told us we have to hurry,
or they're gonna sell out!
Let's get some butt!
Butt what?
[HANA] This is not
a drill! Yulia! C'mon!
[YULIA]
Sure!
[KYOUSUKE wailing]
Nekomaru!
Uhh, so are you sure?
Definitely. Ignore what's
going on behind me.
Please don't leave me!
This is for the best, dear.
[MIKO]
Here. Take good care of him.
[ZEN grunts]
I will. Thank you for this.
[MIKO]
Mm!
I know I've barely
known you for a week,
but it's been the
--[ZEN] Ready, Mocha? Let's go.
--[KYOUSUKE] best week of life,
and I feel like this guy is
about to carry a piece of me
out the door forever,
and I can't take it!
What? Mr. Zen's adopting him?
[MIKO]
Yeah.
He's even gonna move apartments
because the place he's been
living doesn't allow any pets.
[HANA]
Aww, that's so sweet!
Not gonna lie, though;
I can't imagine the guy getting
all warm and fuzzy over a cat.
Yeah, kinda strange.
His vet friend's
taking care of Mocha
till he gets to the new place.
Wait. A vet he knows,
or an actual friend?
[MIKO] An actual friend,
believe it or not.
[HANA] That's good.
He's super awkward and quiet
in, like, a serial
killer-y kinda way,
so I wasn't sure.
Serial killer's a bit harsh.
Hey, I'm not trying to be mean.
He just got that vibe.
[MIKO]
I guess...
Point is Mocha's gonna be fine.
I know it.
Please, you have
to set him free!
[ZEN] What could
she have meant by that?
[doorbell rings]
[ZEN]
Hm?
How are you this morning, Zen?
You want some stew?
I ended up with leftovers again.
Somehow, I always
seem to make too much.
Hey, Zen?
[ZEN] "Set him free."
Did she mean the real me?
Do I need to be more honest?
[NEIGHBOR 10A]
Goodness, that's never happened!
Look, I don't want your food.
What?
[ZEN] I can't deal with
other people's cooking.
I have no way of knowing
how clean their kitchens are.
For all I know
there's hair in the food.
And don't get me
started on containers.
They always smell like
everything that's ever
been in them. It's disgusting.
Hold on a minute, Zen.
I do appreciate the sentiment.
By the way, I'm moving.
[NEIGHBOR 10A stammers]
Goodbye.
[lock clicks]
[NEIGHBOR 10A] How could
he have caught onto me?
I thought I had them
hidden in there really well.
[MIKO]
So, the day's finally here.
I'm psyched for Tororo Two.
You told Yulia about it, right?
I decided not to invite her.
[MIKO]
Why not?
Because she's never seen the
original My Nearby Tororo, duh.
What a weird thing to
get hung up on. Jeez.
Tororois a modern masterpiece.
She deserves to
experience it properly.
Whoa! We gotta get a move on!
What? No, we don't.
Believe me. They'll run out
of buttered caramel popcorn
way before the previews start!
Oh, of course.
Double-time it!
[HANA faintly]
Miko, hurry up!
[MIKO chuckles]
[MIKO]
Sure!
[YULIA]
That was so amazing...
What time is it?
I guess they're on
their way to the theater.
[YULIA]
Godmother...
What are you up to now?
[MITSUE'S SON] Hey, Mom.
A letter showed up for you.
Oh, really?
Who the heck sent that?
[MITSUE'S SON] Couldn't say.
No return address on it.
Huh?
[MITSUE gasps]
[MITSUE]
No. It can't be.
Their faces are covered,
but I recognize this aura.
It's those girls from before.
[MITSUE'S SON]
Mom?
[CAT 12A growls]
[hisses]
[HOODED MAN 12A chuckles]
No need to be scared.
It's fine. I'm only gonna
take one of your eyes.
[gasps]
There you are.
Uh! You got a problem?
--[electricity crackles]
--[HOODED MAN 12A groans]
[POLICEMAN 12B]
There we go.
Hope they find him soon.
[POLICEMAN 12A]
Yeah. Now let's go.
Shift's starting.
[POLICEMAN 12B]
Right.
[bell ringing]
Have you seen this, Miko?
New Lamrab merch drop
and the way they redid
this face is heckin' cute!
Is that a joke? 'Cause
it looks exactly the same.
No way! It's totally different!
OG Lamrab.
New Lamrab.
See?
I don't, actually.
[door opens]
It's time for the
end-of-day announcements.
Take your seats.
[STUDENT 12A]
'Bout time. I'm exhausted.
We've received word
earlier today
that Ms. Arai gave
birth to a healthy baby.
[STUDENTS cheer]
[STUDENT 12C]
Heck yeah!
We gotta go help
with the poopies!
[MIKO]
Mm.
Hey, Mr. Zen! Wanna
go visit her and the baby?
[ZEN] That's all the
announcements we have today.
You're dismissed.
See you tomorrow.
[MORINO]
He brushed me off!
He didn't call any
of my names all day.
Sweetie...
[STUDENT 12D]
See ya!
[STUDENT 12E]
Buh-bye!
Then when I looked,
it turned out to be a rock
shaped like a bun
shaped like a butt.
And that was the only reason
you decided not to eat it?
Yeah? I thought
it was a butt bun.
Hana, you said you
picked it up off the--
[gasps]
What's up? Forget something?
Uh... No.
[HANA] So anyway, I pick up this
butt-shaped-bun-shaped rock.
[MIKO]
They saved me.
Shouldn't I go make
an offering as thanks?
[HANA]
And the more I look at it,
the more my brain
thinks it's food, so I--
Hey, Hana?
What should I give
for an offering?
Let's see. Sweet dango!
Not an offering to you.
[panting]
I can't even read those kanji.
[MIKO]
This place was creepy enough
when I came here with Hana.
It's terrifying when I'm alone.
[MIKO]
I'll just say thanks and go.
[MIKO grunts]
That's fine.
I'm here to show my gratitude.
No worries.
[MIKO]
Here we go.
[MIKO] Thank you so much...
for your protection.
[MIKO grunts]
[MIKO gasps]
Still wrong?
Okay, then.
Cool.
[MIKO]
That's gotta be--[gasps]
[FOX SPIRIT 06A grunts]
--[squelching]
--[MIKO gasps]
[MIKO gasps]
[FOX SPIRITS speaking
unknown language]
[MIKO]
Are they mad?
Did they want
something more expensive?
[FOX SPIRIT 06B yelling]
[FOX SPIRIT 06A grumbles]
[MIKO gasps]
Right. Of course!
[MIKO]
Thank you so much.
Sorry for cheapening
out on the food.
I'm new at this.
[MIKO grunts]
[MIKO]
Wait... Are they closing in?
But why?
[GREATER SPIRIT 06A growls]
[MIKO gasps]
[GREATER SPIRIT 06A groans]
[MIKO]
Uh-oh. Oh, crap.
Why is it getting worse?
[MIKO yelps]
[MIKO]
Now what do I do?
[FOX SPIRIT 06A speaking
unknown language]
[FOX SPIRIT 06B speaking
[MIKO gasps]
[MIKO]
Run.
Run!
[MONSTERS groaning]
[MIKO]
Why?
What is this?
[MIKO whimpering]
[MIKO] Okay, wait.
Let me think for a second.
[MIKO]
Huh?
[GREATER SPIRIT 06A cackles]
[MIKO whimpers]
[MIKO]
Please!
[GREATER SPIRIT 06A groaning]
[MIKO whimpers]
[MIKO]
Wait!
You can't!
[gasps]
[MIKO]
Wait. That was a dream?
[MIKO gasps]
You know, you make some really
ugly noises in your sleep.
[MIKO]
Ugh. Don't be a jerk.
[KYOUSUKE]
Whatever.
[sighs]
[MIKO] Oh, man, I am so
glad that wasn't real.
Still... they're coming
to me in dreams now.
Maybe they really do
want me to go say thanks.
Oh, so, hey.
Danger Scareis
on again tonight.
[MIKO grunts]
Interesting.
[KYOUSUKE]
It's all lame jump scares,
and I'm cool
watching it on my own,
but you can watch it
with me, if you want.
[MIKO]
Mm.
[KYOUSUKE]
Breakfast is on the table.
Better hurry if you don't
wanna be late for school.
[door slams]
[MIKO]
Okay, see ya.
Just be careful out there.
Try not to get home too late!
[MIKO]
Mm.
[GARBAGE MONSTER 12A groaning]
[MIKO] So, my life is
still a parade of horrors.
[VOICE 03A]
What? No way!
[VOICE 03B]
What do you think?
[VOICE 03C]
OMG, for real?
[VOICE 03D laughs]
[VOICES laughing]
[MIKO]
Oh, well.
At least now I can tune out the
weaker ones without thinking.
[VOICES laughing]
You see me?
[MIKO]
The thing is...
I hardly understand any of it.
[STUDENT 12F]
Good morning!
[STUDENT 12G]
Morning.
[MIKO]
First off,
I still don't know how it is
I even started seeing them.
Good morning!
[MIKO]
Was there some special reason
I was given this
power out of the blue?
[MIKO]
No idea.
But either way...
...I can't ignore it!
Morning!
[MIKO chuckles]
Morning, Hana.
What's up? Is everything okay?
[MIKO]
Yeah. Hunky dory.
[HANA] You sure? 'Cause you
seem pretty chill for you.
[YULIA]
Hey, good morning.
Nice to see you again.
Oh, my gosh, we found a Yulia!
We so gotta hit up
Mrs. D's after school!
Again, Hana? Come on.
I can't breathe.
Yes, "again, Hana"! Though
now that I think about it, we
could do another butt bun run.
We went home empty-handed
the other day.
I'm fine with whatever--
dealer's choice.
Oh. Thanks.
Aww, just thinking
about it makes me hungry.
Emergency melon bread time!
[MIKO]
Did you miss breakfast?
[HANA]
Nope! I had both of 'em!
[MIKO]
You're a literal vacuum.
[HANA] I'm a growing girl
with a healthy appetite,
and you are being hurtful.
Good. Next reader.
Yamamoto please.
She's not here.
Maybe pick one of
your actual students?
[ZEN]
Right, Yurikawa?
[MIKO grunts]
[MIKO]
Hana. He called on you!
[HANA mumbles]
I heard they're
playing that show
with the head in the
locker again tonight.
[MIKO]
You mean Danger Scare?
You gonna watch?
Not even if you paid me.
Horror on borscht night
is the worst idea.
[MIKO] Okay, so borscht is,
like, a whole event for you.
[MIKO panting]
[YULIA] I'm no match for her
spiritual power, sure,
but when it comes to
physical prowess, watch out!
[YULIA]
Got her!
[YULIA groans]
[MIKO gasps]
Yulia!
You okay?
[YULIA groans]
Yeah, I'm fine.
[STUDENT 12H]
Are you sure?
[STUDENT 12I]
You hurt?
Don't worry.
Guys! I can't run any faster!
Ooh! Those little
wieners look so good!
[YULIA grunts]
You want one?
Wow! Do you mean it?
[YULIA]
Mmhm.
[HANA]
Check it out!
Normal bread plus tiny
wiener equals, wiener roll!
Except that's not even a roll.
So this is a butt bun.
It's super squishy, right?
Glad we made it there
in time today!
And what about that new donut?
I was pretty into it.
[HANA]
What did they call that?
A Screaming Cruller, I think?
Oh! I saw the first
My Nearby Tororo.
[HANA]
Sweet! We gotta go watch Two!
I planned on seeing
it again anyway.
[YULIA]
Uh, cool.
[HANA] So yeah. That
one scene, crazy right?
[YULIA]
You mean, where he eats her?
[HANA] Ugh! The first time
I saw that it destroyed me!
Like, I literally melted.
[MIKO] You getting
another giant tub of popcorn?
[HANA]
Um, hi?
You want your bestie to
waste away in the theater?
I need calories!
[YULIA] How many can you
actually burn watching a movie?
[ANNOUNCER 12A] We hope
you enjoyed this program!
It was brought to you
by the following sponsors.
[FOX SPIRIT 06A speaking
unknown language]
[MONSTER 01A groaning]
[BOY MONSTER 12A]
Can you see me?